
       Answer All the Question
1.Explain about the main method in java?
Answer : Java main method is the entry point of any java Program
      Syntax :public static void main(String[]args)

2.What are the different  Control flow Statements available in java?
Answer: decision Making- If else statement ,Switch Statement
        loop statement -for loop,while loop.
        Jump statement-break,continue.

3.What is the Difference betweeen break and continue statements?
Answer ;The break statement is used to terminate the loop immediately. 
        The continue statement is used to skip the current iteration of the loop.

4.What is an Array? How will you declare an array in java?
Answer ; An array is used to store Multiple variables of Same Data type
         its size is fixed 
         its index starts from 0

5.When will you get ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException?
Answer; If the final index is 6 but in condition its given more than 6 
        then its will throw the Arrayindexoutofboundsexception.
        if the boundary condition is more then the final index or less than the 0(negative values ).

6.Define the Syntax to create an object for a class.
What are the naming conventions to be followed while creating a class, 
method and a variable.Explain with examoles
Answer:    syntax ; Classname objectname=new Constructedname();
            >>Classname must begin with Uppercase letter ; public class PrintVowels
            >>datatype begin from lowercase letter       ;int,char,float,double,short,long,boolean,byte; int firstNumber=1;
            >>variable must follow the camelcase format first word must begin from lowercase and
               the next case must begin from Uppercase letter. ;  int finalValue=5;

7.What is Variable?How will you declare a variables in java?
Answer; A variable is container which stores the  data .
        int a=1,int b=2;
        int a+b=c;
       here a,b,c is the variable 

8.What is String in java? Is it a Data Type?
Answer:A String is a collection of sequence of characters.A String is a final class .
yes it is a non premitive data type

9.What are the different ways to create the String Object in java?
Answer: 1. Literal   - String name="Prakash";   stores in  String constant pool memory 
        2.New keyword -String object=new String(); stores in heep memory

10.What is the Difference between .Equals and ==? 
Answer:  .Equal means it checks the content
        == means it checks the memory